well howdy there Internet people is Bo
again so today we are finally going to
talk about how to stage a revolution in
education for dunya Khan's okay why
doesn't the government give us free
education subsidized it at least some
that help us out there was a bone they
do they do they give us education
education is easy right now you got
access to the entire base of humanities
knowledge education it's not what you
want though you're not talking about
education you're talking about
credentialing you want a degree people
don't go to college to get an education
and right now there's a whole bunch of
college professors out there with their
eyebrows erased
now they go to get a degree they go
together to create it's not about
education the education you provide is a
byproduct what they want is to be
separated it's a method of separating
classes it's not about education not
saying you guys don't educate though
okay you want proof I would assume this
bribery scandal okay bunch of rich
people allegedly have paid off all kinds
of people to get their kids into elite
schools that doesn't even make sense if
you really think about if this is about
education it doesn't make sense because
how are they gonna be able to handle the
course load
they're gonna cheat there - then why are
they trying to get him into the lead
schools why wouldn't they just try to
get him into a school that they could
actually handle because it's not about
education it's about status it's about
class it's about a way of dividing us
normal folk from our betters that's what
it is about this system the university
system as it stands has been around more
or less since what 1100 I think maybe
longer you would think the government
would have overhauled it come up with a
little bit more of an efficient way to
create an educated population if you
believe that's in their interest or at
least a better trained workforce that
seems more like what the government
would be interested in so why haven't
they done it why haven't they embraced
new technology and come up with a method
of teaching people that doesn't require
centuries-old method of doing it they
did they did they use it but you don't
get - okay so there's a thing in the
military called CBTs
computer-based training the way this
works is you take your ID card you walk
up to a computer you slide your ID card
in a cat greater an ID card reader you
take your course you pull your ID card
out you're done it's that simple
whatever uses it for all kinds of things
not just minor stuff I know guys that
took their sere training the CBT which
is terrifying it's here for those that
don't know that's what to do if you get
captured okay pretty important stuff
okay so the technology exists why
haven't they used it
because they have no interest in
breaking down class barriers they have
no interest in that educated population
and DoD certainly has no interest in
everybody having free college huh
I mean that's their major recruitment
tool why because they can say hey we'll
give you free college it's a way out get
you to another class government has no
interest in this not you know I know
some of the others going right now
they're like well people can cheat if
they did that they're cheating now
they're cheating now it's about
credentialing that's what it's about
so if the government isn't going to do
it we just can't have it then I guess
you do it one of you a group of you one
of y'all lives in a state with lacks
regulations on educational institutions
I'm certain set it up you may not be
able to grant degrees you know the state
likes to keep a tight hold on that power
maintaining this class structures but
maybe you can grant
two-year certifications for your
certifications it's just a website it's
all it is it's an advanced website and
yeah you wouldn't be able to do every
major out there there are still some
fields that need hands-on training I
personally would not like it if my
surgeon got his entire training via the
computer but it would work for a whole
lot of majors it would certainly work
for all general classes certainly work
for Career Development for vocational
training and it would be cheap cheap you
could fund this entire thing via ads
wouldn't be hard
but the government isn't going to do it
the government has no interest in
creating an educated population no
interest in breaking down class barriers
and I mean they don't have any interest
in any of this it is not in their best
interest that the no government is ever
going to give you the tools to
understand what they're doing you gotta
give them yourself you could provide
them to other people
want a revolution start one this is
something that is important to the
entire nation the government could have
done this a long time ago this training
the CBTs and this technology has been
around for a very long time and to set
this up it would probably cost less than
a year's worth of grants but they
haven't done it they haven't done it
you're gonna have to do it it's gonna be
hard a lot of work a lot of work but
anything worthy requires a lot of work
change the world anyway it's just a
thought y'all have a good night